Home - TELUS Neighbourhood
 Personal Business Health Agriculture Social Impact Browse TELUS Neighbourhood Forums Articles Groups Ideas Blog SmartHome+ Beta FR Help Sign In Welcome to the Neighbourhood Share thoughts, ask questions, and get answers. All in one place. cancel Turn on suggestions Auto-suggest helps you quickly narrow down your search results by suggesting possible matches as you type. Showing results for Show only | Search instead for Did you mean: 75K Members 556 Online 10.6K Posts Categories Mobility Discuss and/or ask questions about TELUS Mobility products, services, devices, and more. 7,448 Posts TV Share your expertise or seek help to enhance everyone's TV experience. 10,938 Posts Internet & Home Phone Discuss and/or ask questions about your TELUS Internet and Home Phone. 14,777 Posts Business Discuss or ask questions about TELUS Business solutions, equipment, and devices. 483 Posts Security Discuss or ask questions about TELUS Security devices, equipment, and solutions. 2,279 Posts Groups A gathering place for like-minded people to meet, greet, and discuss. 0 Posts Account Forum discussion about TELUS Mobility & Home Services plans and accounts. 3,940 Posts Latest forum discussions Sorted by: Most recent Most viewed Most commented Most liked Ask a question Majority of pictures are too dark since install Both my LG oled TV’s have very dark pictures during indoor scenes now . It’s as though Telus has some kind of firmware issue with there android tv boxes .Both tvs were perfectly fine before switching to Telus , as a matter of fact I had my oled tvs s... 2m ago | Posted in TV by MajorTendonitis • Neighbour 0 Views 0 replies 0 kudos VPN's and this site Why do I get an error trying to login to this site when my VPN is running? Is access limited to Canadians only? 2 weeks ago | Posted in Internet & Home Phone by Fisherguy • Leader 139 Views 5 replies 0 kudos Another day dealing with Telus support... ... another day of complete let down. I've wasted enough of my time with them. I'm trying to cancel all my services and switch over to Rogers.My contract is all done and this was the opportunity to renew our relationship. Sadly, my initial request wa... 31m ago | Posted in Internet & Home Phone by SaitamaReborn • Organizer 15 Views 0 replies 0 kudos ERR_AGL_ACN_3545 I have had this issue since my account was set up in October 2024 and no one is helping me. I am at my wits end - I can't watch the telus tv app with my account. I can't even message the support account privately. Why can't someone help me. yesterday | Posted in TV by lco999 • Friendly Neighbour 27 Views 1 replies 0 kudos Do Not Order Telus Home Security Telus home security is hands down the worst security company out there. my alarm was set off and nothing was done. I went to cancel in December of 2024 and it is now March 2025 and I still have not gotten through anyone in this department to cancel. ... yesterday | Posted in Security by Innerfit • Just Moved In 16 Views 1 replies 0 kudos Contacting Telus? I am trying to contact Telus about my Home Security account. The website says call 310- 2255. But when I dial the number I'm told that it cannot be reached from my area. So now what? a week ago | Posted in Security by Joliver • Neighbour 127 Views 2 replies 0 kudos Suspicious Sales Calls from Alleged Telus Representatives Be aware of a possible fraud or misrepresentation being conducted by some individuals claiming to be Telus employees. They may be contractors, or special promotion reps, or simply employees who are deliberately misrepresenting Telus. Regardless, my s... January | Posted in My Mobility Account by Calgary-Senior • Neighbour 1948 Views 8 replies 0 kudos Phone Promotions Hi all, I received a call with an attractive promotional offer. I asked for it to be verified via email and they sent an email from - [email protected]. The email was a little short on details so I asked for further clarification, which ... yesterday | Posted in Mobility Devices by Tmac99 • Just Moved In 56 Views 1 replies 0 kudos importing mail from telus email account I am trying to use the google mail import function (Settings>Import mail and contacts) to copy emails from my telus.net workspace email account. I get this message: "Gmail couldn't identify your POP server. Please enter your POP server information be... yesterday | Posted in Internet & Home Phone by odiduch • Just Moved In 14 Views 1 replies 0 kudos Telus Mobility Login Anyone else having problems accessing the My Telus login page? When I try to log in, I receive a "Verify you are human" page and they want you to tick a box. This comes up three times before it takes me to the login page. I enter my info and it comes... yesterday | Posted in My Mobility Account by cstil • Just Moved In 104 Views 9 replies 0 kudos Load more Fresh on the block Streaming on TELUS - March 2025 Free Preview: Optik TV Lifestyle Content Getting started This is a safe space to share your feedback, ask for help and answer questions. Check out these helpful links to familiarize yourself with the community and some of its members. Make the most of the Neighbourhood Community House Rules Meet Our Community Power Users About Community Managers Friendliest neighbours User Count Dalyha 72 Nighthawk 66 TELUS_Support 43 FuzzyLogic 41 Rocky3 29 View all Latest from the Neighbourhood Blog Optik TV Lifestyle Content Free Preview TV lovers rejoice! We’re offering Optiv TV customers an exclusive free preview of premium lifestyle and entertainment channels until April 14. We’re treating you to some of the most popular channels: ... a week ago 0 Comments Streaming on TELUS - March 2025 Streaming on TELUS - March 2025 Hey everyone! Hope you're doing well and enjoying the new year! March is right around the corner, and another month means another new batch of great movies and shows to... 3 weeks ago 0 Comments Super Bowl LIX Super Bowl LIX Another wild NFL season is in the books! The old adage for the NFL is 'any given Sunday' and that rang true this year...there were crazy upsets, injuries and wild storylines, and more d... a month ago 0 Comments Streaming on TELUS - February 2025 Streaming on TELUS - February 2025 Hey everyone! Hope you're doing well and enjoying the new year! February is right around the corner, and another month means another new batch of great movies and sh... January 1 Comments View all Copyright © 2025 Khoros, LLC About Us Accessibility Careers Media Policies TELUS Service Status Support Contact Us Neighbourhood Find a store User Terms Service Terms Order Status COVID-19 TELUS & CRTC Internet Code Internet Code, Simplified TELUS & CRTC Wireless Code Wireless Code, Simplified Privacy / Cookies Security TELUS Digital TELUS International TELUS Procurement TELUS Webmail TELUS Wise The TELUS team acknowledges that our work spans many Territories and Treaty areas and we are grateful for the traditional Knowledge Keepers and Elders who are with us today, those who have gone before us and the youth that inspire us. We recognize the land and the benefits it provides all of us, as an act of Reconciliation, as recommended by the Truth and Reconciliation Commission’s (TRC) 94 Calls to Action and gratitude to those whose territory we reside on, work on or are visiting. Learn more about TELUS’ commitments to Reconciliation. ©2022 TELUS