Phones, Plans and more on the most-awarded network | TELUS Skip to contentSkip to search Proudly Canadian - connecting us all nationwide. Personal Business Health Agriculture & Consumer Goods Social Impact My TELUS My TELUS My TELUS Support Support Support EN ON Mobility Entertainment Internet Security & Smart Home Health Big Deal Days Cart has 0 items Cart Proudly Canadian - connecting us all nationwide. Save the $70 connection fee when you shop Mobility online.1 Plus get fast, free shipping. Check out our Big Deal Days Big Deal Days are here Get 100GB of 5G data and save on phones, security, streaming and more. Shop deals Samsung Galaxy S25 is $0 upfront Get yours today for $11.42 per month for 24 months with Bring-It-Back®2. Plus, get Galaxy Watch7 for $2 per month when you shop in-store. Shop Galaxy S25 Find a store Monitor your home from anywhere with TELUS HomeView for $18/mo. Get live video feeds, alerts and a $100 device discount3 on any TELUS smart camera with HomeView for just $18/mo. on a 3-year term.4 Learn more Learn more Keep your identity more secure this tax season Tax season is a peak time for scams and fraud. Help protect your personal information with TELUS Online Security. Plans start at $12 per month. View plans View plans Item 1 of 4 PLANS Add a line from $39/mo. Bring your own device and get 60GB of data for $39 per month with pre-authorized payments.5 Bring your own device SMARTPHONES Save $1,030 off Google Pixel 9 Get Pixel 9 for $10.63 per month for 24 months and $0 upfront with Bring-It-Back®2. Plus, get the Pixel Watch 3 on us when you shop in store. Shop Google Pixel 9 INTERNET Save on TELUS PureFibre Internet today Enjoy limited-time savings when you switch to TELUS PureFibre 1.5 Gigabit Internet from only $79/mo.6 Explore PureFibre plans Mobility plans All Unlimited plans include: Access to the TELUS 5G+ network Unlimited picture and video messaging Shareable data for family and connected devices Data usage through mobile hotspot Best value 5G+ Unlimited Our fastest 5G+ speeds and unlimited data for users who want the best performance. 125GB data at speeds up to 1 Gbps and unlimited data at reduced speed Unlimited data, talk and text in Canada, the US and Mexico $ 60 /month Taxes extra Select Plan Everything you need is in the My TELUS app Manage your services anywhere, anytime. Pay your bill, check your usage, change your plan, stay on top of your account and more with the My TELUS app. Scan the QR code with your phone or text "app" to 35353 to download. Standard message rates may apply. Standard message rates may apply. Everything you need is in the My TELUS app Manage your services anywhere, anytime. Pay your bill, check your usage, change your plan, stay on top of your account and more with the My TELUS app. Need more information? We are here to help. Get support with your TELUS device or service, account and more with our online help centre. Plus, TELUS Assist is available 24/7. Support Find answers and support for frequently asked questions. Contact us Message us via chat or give us a call. Visit our stores Search for a location near you and drop by in person. Celebrate our impact For 25 years, we’ve put compassion into action by volunteering 2.2 million days around the world, building stronger communities and caring for our customers Explore our impact TELUS Change for Good Round up your monthly bill to the nearest dollar and 100% goes to youth-focused charities through TELUS Friendly Future Foundation®. Join now View terms and conditions The $70 savings is a waiving of our $70 connection fee. Offer applicable online only on Mobility orders for smartphones, connected devices (ie. tablets, smartwatches) and Bring Your Own Device plans. Offer applicable to Mobility consumer accounts only. Offer not applicable to Business, Corporate or EPP account types. Devices purchased on the Bring-It-Back program must be returned in good working condition or you will be responsible for the difference between the Bring-It-Back program amount and the lower trade-in value for a device that is not in good working condition. Trade-in standards published at the time a device is returned will apply. Applicable sales taxes are due at time of purchase on the full purchase price. You will not be charged tax on the Bring-It-Back Program Amount if you choose to keep your device and pay back the Bring-It-Back Program Amount at, or before, the end of the 24 month term. Bring-It-Back program is only available while you subscribe to mobility service. If mobility service is cancelled before the end of the term, the Bring-It-Back Program Amount will be charged to your TELUS bill. $100 hardware discount available for customers who have subscribed to the HomeView plan on a 3 year term. Available to residential customers who have not subscribed to TELUS HomeView plan in the last 12 months. Offer subject to change without notice. Hardware discount will be applied before taxes against the total price of select hardware when added in your cart at the time of your online purchase of TELUS HomeView. If the hardware total in cart is less than the discount amount or if no select hardware is added to your cart at the time of your service, then any remaining balance of discount will be forfeit. Hardware discounts are non-stackable with any other offer, non-transferable and cannot be exchanged for cash. Offer expires January 31, 2025. Offer and pricing subject to change without notice. Minimum system requirements apply. Final eligibility for the services will be determined by a TELUS representative. A cancellation fee applies for early termination of the 3-year service agreement equal to $10/month multiplied by the number of months remaining in the service agreement (with a partial month counting as a full month), plus applicable taxes. At least one TELUS camera must be purchased and is required to use this service. Offer subject to change without notice. Available to customers who subscribe to eligible plans and enroll with pre-authorized payments. The $5 monthly discount will only apply to eligible plans and you must keep pre-authorized payments active to maintain the discount. All prices do not include applicable taxes. Offer subject to change without notice and only available to customers who reside in Ontario and have not subscribed to TELUS Internet in the past 90 days. Cannot be combined with other promotional offers not mentioned in this advertisement. Prices of features and add-ons, such as unlimited internet data, are not guaranteed during the 24 month term and subject to change anytime. Offer includes TELUS PureFibre 1.5 Gigabit internet. From month 1-24, a $30/mo. internet discount applies. Regular price is currently $130/mo and applies after the 24-month term. All prices do not include applicable taxes. $0 unlimited data offer is only available to customers signing up on a 2 year internet service agreement. Regular pricing for Unlimited Data add-on applies at month 25. Regular price is currently $20 per month and is subject to change without notice. TELUS Mobility customers who subscribe to qualifying internet packages receive an additional $21/mo. discount for 24 months, provided the eligibility requirements are met. Discounts may be removed upon rate plan changes or renewals. Final eligibility for the services will be determined by a TELUS representative. A cancellation fee applies to the early termination of your internet service agreement, which will be the sum of $360, declining by $15 for every month of Internet service and reducing to $0 at the end of your 2 year term. Rental equipment must be returned in good condition upon cancellation of service, otherwise the replacement cost will be charged to the account. Maximum speeds require optimal network conditions on a wired connection. Internet access speeds may vary depending on location, usage within the home network, Internet traffic, applicable network management or server configurations. Concurrent data streams, including combinations of uploads and downloads, may be required to access maximum speeds. Maximum speeds may not be achievable using a single device. My TELUS is the best way to manage your account. My TELUS My TELUS Support Support Find a store Find a store Contact us Contact us The TELUS team acknowledges that our work spans many Territories and Treaty areas and we are grateful for the traditional Knowledge Keepers and Elders who are with us today, those who have gone before us and the youth that inspire us. We recognize the land and the benefits it provides all of us, as an act of reconciliation, as recommended by the Truth and Reconciliation Commission’s (TRC) 94 Calls to Action and express gratitude to those whose territory we reside on, work on or are visiting. Learn more about TELUS’ commitment to Reconciliation. CompanyAbout Us Careers NewsroomPolicies / RegulatorySecurity Social ImpactDiversity and InclusionLEGALPrivacy / CookiesTELUS & CRTC Wireless CodeTELUS & CRTC Internet CodeInternet Code, SimplifiedWireless Code, SimplifiedService Terms HELPAccessibilityCOVID-19TELUS Service StatusCommunity ForumOrder StatusUser TermsOther TELUS propertiesSocial ImpactTELUS ProcurementTELUS Digital TELUS WebmailTELUS Wise My TELUS Support Support Find a store Find a store Contact us Contact us Territorial Acknowledgement The TELUS team acknowledges that our work spans many Territories and Treaty areas and we are grateful for the traditional Knowledge Keepers and Elders who are with us today, those who have gone before us and the youth that inspire us. We recognize the land and the benefits it provides all of us, as an act of reconciliation, as recommended by the Truth and Reconciliation Commission’s (TRC) 94 Calls to Action and express gratitude to those whose territory we reside on, work on or are visiting. Learn more about TELUS’ commitment to Reconciliation. COMPANY About Us Careers Newsroom Policies / Regulatory Security Social Impact Diversity and Inclusion HELP Accessibility COVID-19 TELUS Service Status Community Forum Order Status User Terms LEGAL Privacy / Cookies TELUS & CRTC Wireless Code TELUS & CRTC Internet Code Internet Code, Simplified Wireless Code, Simplified Service Terms OTHER TELUS PROPERTIES Social Impact TELUS Procurement TELUS Digital TELUS Webmail TELUS Wise Manage Cookies ©2025 TELUS