5G and LTE Network Coverage, Map, Speed | TELUS Skip to contentSkip to search Proudly Canadian - connecting us all nationwide. Personal Business Health Agriculture & Consumer Goods Social Impact My TELUS My TELUS My TELUS Support Support Support BC Mobility Internet TV & Entertainment Security & Smart Home Home Phone Health Big Deal Days Cart has 0 items Cart Proudly Canadian - connecting us all nationwide. TELUS 5G and LTE Networks When the stakes are high, you need the TELUS 5G network. Discover Canada’s most-awarded mobile network Connect with loved ones on our award-winning 5G network. Experience the power of our 5G network Reliable connection Using advanced technology, we give you a consistent network quality in Canada. Share content instantaneously Fast upload & download speeds anywhere in Canada on our blazing fast network. Serious gaming on the go Games react instantly to your expert thumb skills on our 5G network, giving you the competitive edge. 5G+ opens new possibilities Stay connected with crystal clear video and audio calls. Enjoy immersive AR experiences and discover new ways to interact with the world. Explore 5G Remarkable networks to power your online life Mobility Faster coverage in more places than anyone else Enjoy blazing-fast speeds on a network you can trust. Our coast-to-coast network reaches 99% of Canada. See coverage Community Impact Connecting communities in crisis Over the last five years, we’ve invested over $125 million in emergency response, network protection‌ and community support, aiding individuals affected by wildfires and floods throughout Canada. Discover how we are helping Frequently asked questions What is 5G? 5G is the ‘fifth generation’ of cellular network technology or mobile internet. Its increased speeds, reliability and capacity will make our lives easier, changing the way we live and work by fostering amazing innovation and new technology while bridging digital divides. What is 5G Standalone? To date, 5G service has been delivered on TELUS’ 5G non-standalone (NSA) network utilizing existing 4G LTE infrastructure. TELUS has started rolling out a Standalone (SA) 5G Network in select locations to further deliver on the promise of 5G. This new virtualized network infrastructure will start to enable benefits such as the capacity to support more connected devices, enhanced privacy and security features, greater network reliability, ultra-low latency and even faster data speeds. Is 5G safe? Health Canada provides guidelines for radiofrequency exposure, which includes everything from cell towers to microwaves. TELUS has always complied and continues to comply with the evolving standards and exposure limits set by Health Canada, which have been revised twice in recent years, to ensure our cell sites and devices can be used safely by the public. Safety Code 6 is one of the strictest codes in the world, and all TELUS wireless sites emit a radiofrequency that falls well below what Health Canada deems safe through Safety Code 6. In fact, many of our wireless sites emit a radiofrequency that is hundreds of times lower than safe levels. Does TELUS have 3500 MHz spectrum? TELUS has started rolling out 3500 MHz spectrum in select communities. For details, please proceed to our coverage map . We will be expanding our 3500 MHz coverage to more urban and rural communities across Canada in 2022 and 2023. What are the benefits of the 3500 MHz spectrum? 3500 MHz (3.5 GHz) is a mid-band spectrum that delivers significant speed and capacity enhancements to our current 5G network. This will enable you to download large files like high-definition videos faster and use multiple connected devices at the same time on-the-go with perfect performance, even in crowded places. TELUS customers with a compatible device in an area covered by 3500 MHz spectrum will have access to the new spectrum. To take full advantage of the speed and capacity improvements, check out our Unlimited plans with 5G+ speed up to 1Gbps. How can I access the 3500 MHz spectrum? You will automatically have access to the 3500 MHz spectrum on the TELUS 5G network at no additional fee if you are located in a 3500 MHz coverage area and you have a 5G device that supports the 3500 MHz spectrum band. My TELUS is the best way to manage your account. My TELUS My TELUS Support Support Find a store Find a store Contact us Contact us The TELUS team acknowledges that our work spans many Territories and Treaty areas and we are grateful for the traditional Knowledge Keepers and Elders who are with us today, those who have gone before us and the youth that inspire us. We recognize the land and the benefits it provides all of us, as an act of reconciliation, as recommended by the Truth and Reconciliation Commission’s (TRC) 94 Calls to Action and express gratitude to those whose territory we reside on, work on or are visiting. Learn more about TELUS’ commitment to Reconciliation. CompanyAbout Us Careers NewsroomPolicies / RegulatorySecurity Social ImpactDiversity and InclusionLEGALPrivacy / CookiesTELUS & CRTC Wireless CodeTELUS & CRTC Internet CodeInternet Code, SimplifiedWireless Code, SimplifiedService Terms HELPAccessibilityCOVID-19TELUS Service StatusCommunity ForumOrder StatusUser TermsStudent OffersDesktop sharingOther TELUS propertiesSocial ImpactTELUS ProcurementTELUS Digital TELUS WebmailTELUS Wise My TELUS Support Support Find a store Find a store Contact us Contact us Territorial Acknowledgement The TELUS team acknowledges that our work spans many Territories and Treaty areas and we are grateful for the traditional Knowledge Keepers and Elders who are with us today, those who have gone before us and the youth that inspire us. We recognize the land and the benefits it provides all of us, as an act of reconciliation, as recommended by the Truth and Reconciliation Commission’s (TRC) 94 Calls to Action and express gratitude to those whose territory we reside on, work on or are visiting. Learn more about TELUS’ commitment to Reconciliation. COMPANY About Us Careers Newsroom Policies / Regulatory Security Social Impact Diversity and Inclusion HELP Accessibility COVID-19 TELUS Service Status Community Forum Order Status User Terms Student Offers Desktop sharing LEGAL Privacy / Cookies TELUS & CRTC Wireless Code TELUS & CRTC Internet Code Internet Code, Simplified Wireless Code, Simplified Service Terms OTHER TELUS PROPERTIES Social Impact TELUS Procurement TELUS Digital TELUS Webmail TELUS Wise Manage Cookies ©2025 TELUS