Health and wellbeing solutions | TELUS Health Skip to contentSkip to search Browsing from outside of Canada? Click here to explore the services we offer in your region. Personal Business Health Agriculture & Consumer Goods Social Impact EN ON Solutions News & Resources Support Browsing from outside of Canada? Click here to explore the services we offer in your region. Wellbeing. It’s what we do. Leveraging the power of technology and passion of our team members, we support the mental, physical and financial health of organizations and individuals around the globe. Learn more about us Who we support. Employers Individuals and families Health practitioners Group benefits insurers Health authorities and hospitals International clients Empowering the health and wellbeing of your employees. We offer employers a range of services and tools to support the total health and wellbeing of your employees. See our solutions 34% of employees remain with their current job because of the benefits offered.1 Prioritize the mental health of your employees. Our Total Mental Health program provides comprehensive, personalized and unlimited mental health support with our vast and diverse network of counsellors. Explore Total Mental Health TELUS Health MyPet Expert advice for everyday pet care. From prevention to management—your pet is in the right hands. Learn more TELUS Health Care Centres Preventive and proactive clinical care Care Centres offer personalized care services for individuals seeking to begin their preventive healthcare journey. Our network of clinics across the country can play an important part in keeping you and your family healthy. Explore Care Centres See our solutions Helping you focus on patient care. Solutions to support your practice so you can focus on health outcomes. See our solutions We’re Canada’s largest point-of-care network. From benefits enrolment to claims processing, we partner with you to support your group benefits efficiently. See our solutions Help optimize your practice and enhance patient care. Supporting productivity, communications and patient care with digital health solutions. See our solutions We’re taking our solutions global. Explore the services we now offer in the United States, Europe, Middle East, Africa and Asia-pacific regions. See our solutions Every 10 seconds, TELUS Health is caring for or supporting someone around the world.2 Ideas to inspire health and wellness. Read more articles Let’s create a healthier future, together. We’re using our technology and team for good – to help create a more sustainable future for people around the world. Learn about our social impact News and events. Press Release November 19, 2024 TELUS Mental Health Index: Physically active workers lose 10 fewer work days of productivity annually than sedentary counterparts Read more Webinar November 27, 2024 Growing your retirement and benefits administration career Learn more See all press releases See all events Ready to get started? Get in touch with our sales team to discuss your needs. Contact our sales team Looking for technical help? Get in touch with our support team. Contact support View terms and conditions The Mental Health Index by LifeWorks™ January 2022 - https://lifeworks.com/en/resource/mental-health-index%E2%84%A2-report-january-2022 Calculation based on total annual minutes less stat holidays. 2022 data from various health programs across TELUS Health, including acquired LifeWorks organization. Care delivery is defined as support provided through virtual or in-person consults, completed appointments, Rx reviews, absence & disability cases managed and LivingWell Companion calls completed. Support Support Contact us Contact us The TELUS team acknowledges that our work spans many Territories and Treaty areas and we are grateful for the traditional Knowledge Keepers and Elders who are with us today, those who have gone before us and the youth that inspire us. We recognize the land and the benefits it provides all of us, as an act of reconciliation, as recommended by the Truth and Reconciliation Commission’s (TRC) 94 Calls to Action and express gratitude to those whose territory we reside on, work on or are visiting. Learn more about TELUS’ commitment to Reconciliation. SupportSales supportTechnical supportNEWS AND EVENTSNews & ResourcesPress releasesUpcoming events CompanyAbout usOur leadership teamOur officesCareersLegalAccessibilityPrivacyUser terms Support Support Contact us Contact us Territorial Acknowledgment The TELUS team acknowledges that our work spans many Territories and Treaty areas and we are grateful for the traditional Knowledge Keepers and Elders who are with us today, those who have gone before us and the youth that inspire us. We recognize the land and the benefits it provides all of us, as an act of reconciliation, as recommended by the Truth and Reconciliation Commission’s (TRC) 94 Calls to Action and express gratitude to those whose territory we reside on, work on or are visiting. Learn more about TELUS’ commitment to Reconciliation. SUPPORT Sales support Technical support COMPANY About us Our leadership team Our offices Careers NEWS AND EVENTS News & Resources Press releases Upcoming events LEGAL Accessibility Privacy User terms Manage Cookies ©2025 TELUS