Deals on Cell Phones and Mobile Plan Offers - Rogers Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application. Shop Mobile online and save the $75 Service Set Up Fee. Plus, enjoy no shipping fees on select devices with in-store pickup. Shop now Mobile Promotions Mobile Internet TV Home Security Sign in for exclusive offers! Check out amazing plan and phone deals made just for you. Sign in Filters (0) Filters (0) Offer type Phone (6) Plan (5) Rogers Bank (3) Tablet (1) Watch (2) Clear Apply (17) Bring your whole family to Rogers! Add a line starting at $39/mo to select 5G mobile plans, after Automatic Payments Discount1 and when you bring your own phone. Plus, for a limited time, Rogers Red and Red World Elite Mastercard cardholders can enjoy a $100 statement credit2 for each additional line. New additional lines only. $75 Setup Service Fee may apply. Find a store View Plans Apply now Terms and conditions A Setup Service Fee of $75 per line applies to setup your device and related services. The Setup Service Fee is waived through self-serve on rogers.com (but not through and Customer Service). If you require device setup in-store thereafter, a $75 Setup Service Fee will apply. Taxes extra. A $25 shipping fee applies with standard delivery. Automatic Payments Discount. A $10/month discount is available on eligible in-market consumer Rogers Infinite plans and 5G mobile plans to customers who set up Automatic Payments on their account (not retroactive). You must keep Automatic Payments active with an eligible plan to maintain this discount. Discount will end if you move to an ineligible plan or cancel Automatic Payments. Offer Terms and Conditions: Offer available to Rogers Red Mastercard or Rogers Red World Elite Mastercard primary cardholders with an Eligible Mobile Service (defined below) but excluding Quebec residents and Rogers employees. Offer begins February 14, 2025 and ends on April 1, 2025 at 11:59 pm EST (Offer Period). A $100 credit will be applied on your Rogers Bank credit card statement for each Additional Line (defined below) that you add to your Eligible Mobile Service during the Offer Period, up to a maximum of 9 Additional Lines. If you are not an eligible Rogers Bank cardholder, you must apply for an eligible Rogers Bank credit card during the Offer Period and within 15 days of activating the first Additional Line during the Offer Period. Application must be approved to qualify for the offer. Application approval subject to credit assessment and income verification if applicable. After qualifying for the offer, your credit(s) will be applied on your Rogers Bank statements within approximately 3 months of the applicable Additional Line activation. Credits may be provided separately depending on the number of Additional Lines and activation date. Your Rogers Bank and Eligible Mobile Service accounts must be open, active and in good standing at the time of the statement credit or it will not be applied. Additional Line(s) must be active to be considered for the offer. Eligible Mobile Service account holder and Rogers Bank primary cardholder must be the same. Offer may be changed, cancelled or extended at any time without notice. We may revoke this offer if you appear to be manipulating or abusing it, or are engaged in any suspicious or fraudulent activity, as we may determine in our sole discretion. Eligible Mobile Service means the primary mobile line on any postpaid consumer Rogers 5G Infinite mobile plan on a Rogers account. Additional Line means an additional line added to your Eligible Mobile Service. For clarity, all Rogers for Business and Rogers Preferred Program mobile plans are excluded. Additional Lines that are cancelled and reactivated during the Offer Period are excluded. Show details Get the new Samsung Galaxy S25 for $1/month Trade in an eligible device in-store and get Samsung Galaxy S25 128GB for as low as $22.67 $1/month OR trade in online and get it for $11/month with up to $240 one-time credit towards your future bill.1  Both prices after bill credit for 24 months on select plans, with financing2 and with phone returned.3 Taxes extra. $0 down on approved credit, 0% interest. Setup Service Fee ($75) may apply. Full price: $1,449.58  Get it now Find a store Terms and Conditions Offer available for a limited time only, or while supplies last, and subject to change without notice. A Setup Service Fee of $75 per line applies to setup your device and related services. The Setup Service Fee is waived through self-serve on rogers.com (but not through and Customer Service). If you require device setup in-store thereafter, a $75 Setup Service Fee will apply. Taxes extra.  Not available at all locations. $360 trade-in credit available when trading in a Samsung Galaxy S23 128GB. Value of trade-in device, if any, determined using a third-party tool provided by Likewize Telecom Solutions Ltd; trade-in value is final and non-negotiable. Credit will be applied in-store to total cost of your purchase. If new device price is lesser than credit amount, remaining credit must be used on concurrent purchase of accessories and/or another new device for the same account or credit will be lost. Limit of 1 trade-in device per transaction. Trade-in device must be owned by customer in order to be eligible for the Rogers Trade-Up program. Customer is responsible for deleting/backing up all personal data on the trade-in device, Rogers and/or Likewize Telecom Solutions Ltd; is not responsible for any loss and recovery of personal data. Financing: 0% APR on approved credit with a financing agreement (FA) and a Rogers Infinite plan or 5G mobile plan. A down payment may be required based on our evaluation of your credit. FA based on full price plus applicable taxes less any Save & Return Amount (excluding promo credits, if applicable, which are applied monthly on your bill for as long as your FA is in place); if your FA is terminated and or if your wireless plan is cancelled your outstanding financing balance becomes due along with your Save & Return Amount (if applicable). The promo credit (if applicable) will end in both cases. Save & Return: Program consists of purchase of eligible phone on Rogers 5G Infinite plans with financing; Save & Return amount is applied after taxes to lower monthly financing program payments. You must return phone in good working condition (must power up to the home screen, accept a charge, and have the ability to perform a factory reset; LCD/touchscreen must be functioning and cannot have any dark spots and/or blemishes and there cannot be any physical damage to a device such as cracks in the body of the device or broken and/or cracked LCD/touchscreen and/or back glass; all accounts and passwords must be removed and/or turned off; device cannot have been reported lost or stolen) during month 24 (or in months 2-24 while upgrading to a new phone with financing), otherwise Save & Return Amount will be charged to your account. Cancelling your services during your 2-year Save & Return term will result in charging of Save & Return Amount, in addition to your outstanding financing balance, subject to any applicable adjustments to reduce your balance. Show details Our best savings of the season on iPhone 16 Pro Max from $2/month Trade in an eligible device in-store and get an iPhone 16 Pro Max 256GB for as low as $41.67 $2/month OR trade in online and get it for $27/month with up to $600 one-time credit towards your future bill.1  Both prices after bill credit for 24 months with financing2 and with phone returned3 on select plans. Taxes extra. $0 down on approved credit, 0% interest. Setup Service Fee ($75) may apply. Full price: $1799 Get it now Find a store Terms and conditions Offer available for a limited time only, or while supplies last, and subject to change without notice. A Setup Service Fee of $75 per line applies to setup your device and related services. The Setup Service Fee is waived through self-serve on rogers.com (but not through and Customer Service). If you require device setup in-store thereafter, a $75 Setup Service Fee will apply. Taxes extra. A $25 shipping fee applies with standard delivery. Not available at all locations. $600 trade-in credit available when trading in a iPhone 14 Pro Max 128GB. Value of trade-in device, if any, determined using a third-party tool provided by Likewize Telecom Solutions Ltd; trade-in value is final and non-negotiable. Credit will be applied in-store to total cost of your purchase. If new device price is lesser than credit amount, remaining credit must be used on concurrent purchase of accessories and/or another new device for the same account or credit will be lost. Limit of 1 trade-in device per transaction. Trade-in device must be owned by customer in order to be eligible for the Rogers Trade-Up program. Customer is responsible for deleting/backing up all personal data on the trade-in device, Rogers and/or Likewize Telecom Solutions Ltd; is not responsible for any loss and recovery of personal data. Financing: 0% APR on approved credit with a financing agreement (FA) and a Rogers Infinite plan or 5G mobile plan. A down payment may be required based on our evaluation of your credit. FA based on full price plus applicable taxes less any Save & Return Amount (excluding promo credits, if applicable, which are applied monthly on your bill for as long as your FA is in place); if your FA is terminated and or if your wireless plan is cancelled your outstanding financing balance becomes due along with your Save & Return Amount (if applicable). The promo credit (if applicable) will end in both cases. Save & Return: Program consists of purchase of eligible phone on Rogers 5G Infinite plans with financing; Save & Return amount is applied after taxes to lower monthly financing program payments. You must return phone in good working condition (must power up to the home screen, accept a charge, and have the ability to perform a factory reset; LCD/touchscreen must be functioning and cannot have any dark spots and/or blemishes and there cannot be any physical damage to a device such as cracks in the body of the device or broken and/or cracked LCD/touchscreen and/or back glass; all accounts and passwords must be removed and/or turned off; device cannot have been reported lost or stolen) during month 24 (or in months 2-24 while upgrading to a new phone with financing), otherwise Save & Return Amount will be charged to your account. Cancelling your services during your 2-year Save & Return term will result in charging of Save & Return Amount, in addition to your outstanding financing balance, subject to any applicable adjustments to reduce your balance. Show details Get Canada's most reliable internet1 Plans starting at $60/mo. Shop Enjoy the new Google Pixel 9 for $5/month this Spring! Get Google Pixel 9 128GB for as low as $38.63 $5/month on financing1 and Save and Return.2 Price after bill credit for 24 months on select plans, with financing and with phone returned. Taxes extra. $0 down on approved credit, 0% interest. Setup Service Fee ($75) may apply.  Full price: $1287 View device Find a store Terms and conditions Offer available for a limited time only, or while supplies last, and subject to change without notice. A Setup Service Fee of $75 per line applies to setup your device and related services. The Setup Service Fee is waived through self-serve on rogers.com (but not through and Customer Service). If you require device setup in-store thereafter, a $75 Setup Service Fee will apply. Early cancellation fees apply. Taxes extra. A $25 shipping fee applies with standard delivery. Financing: 0% APR on approved credit with a financing agreement (FA) and a Rogers Infinite plan. A down payment may be required based on our evaluation of your credit. FA based on full price plus applicable (excluding promo credits, if applicable, which are applied monthly on your bill for as long as your FA is in place); if your FA is terminated and or if your wireless plan is cancelled your outstanding financing balance becomes due. The promo credit (if applicable) will end in both cases. Save & Return: Program consists of purchase of eligible phone on Rogers Infinite plans with financing; Save & Return amount is applied after taxes to lower monthly financing program payments. You must return phone in good working condition (must power up to the home screen, accept a charge, and have the ability to perform a factory reset; LCD/touchscreen must be functioning and cannot have any dark spots, blemishes or broken and/or cracked glass; all accounts and passwords must be removed and/or turned off; device cannot have been reported lost or stolen) during month 24 (or in months 2-24 while upgrading to a new phone with financing), otherwise Save & Return Amount will be charged to your account. Cancelling your services during your 2-year Save & Return term will result in charging of Save & Return Amount, in addition to your outstanding financing balance. Show details Roam without worry for $55/Month± LIMITED TIME OFFER Take your 5G mobile plans to Canada, the U.S., and Mexico1 for $55/Month± , after Auto Pay2 on your first line when you bring your own device. New activations only. View plan Terms and Conditions A Setup Service Fee of $75 per line applies to setup your device and related services. The Setup Service Fee is waived through self-serve on rogers.com (but not through and Customer Service). If you require device setup in-store thereafter, a $75 Setup Service Fee will apply. Taxes extra. ± Where applicable, additional airtime, data, long distance, roaming, add-ons, provincial 9-1-1 fees and taxes are extra and billed monthly. However, there is no airtime charge for calls made to 9-1-1 from your Rogers mobile device. Plan includes calls and messages from Canada to Canadian numbers only. On the Rogers Network or in an Extended Coverage area, excluding calls made through Call Forwarding, Video Calling or similar services. Rogers Infinite data plans include high-speed data up to the speeds (if applicable) and allotment indicated in your plan on the Rogers network, extended coverage areas within Canada, and Roam Like Home destinations (see rogers.com/roamlikehome). Once you have reached the high-speed data allotment of your plan, you will continue to have access to data services with no overage beyond the high-speed data allotment at a reduced speed of up to 512 kilobits per second (for both upload and download) until the end of your current billing cycle. Applications such as email, web browsing, apps, and audio/video streaming will continue to function at a reduced speed which will likely impact your experience. We will send you a text message notifying you when you have used 90% and 100% of the high-speed data allotment included in your plan with the option to purchase a Speed Pass to add more high-speed data to your plan. 5G/5G+network access requires a compatible device and a 5G SIM card in a covered area (see rogers.com/coverage). In all cases, usage is subject to the Rogers Terms of Service and Acceptable Use Policy A $10/month discount is available on eligible in-market consumer Rogers Infinite plans and 5G mobile plans to customers who set up Automatic Payments on their account (not retroactive). You must keep Automatic Payments active with an eligible plan to maintain this discount. Discount will end if you move to an ineligible plan or cancel Automatic Payments. If you remove Automatic Payments and re-add it to your account you will get the same discount tied to the wireless plan you subscribed to. Show details Meet your family’s growing needs with plans starting at $20/month! Stay connected with your kids and teens anytime, anywhere with unlimited talk and text plans starting at only $20/month.1 Available to parents of kids or teens 18 years or younger only. Offer Available in-store only, and for new activations View plans Find a store Terms and contitions Offer available for a limited time only, or while supplies last, an d subject to change without notice. A Setup Service Fee of $75 per line applies to setup your device and related services. The Setup Service Fee is waived through self-serve on rogers.com (but not through and Customer Service). If you require device setup in-store thereafter, a $75 Setup Service Fee will apply. Taxes extra. On the Rogers Network or in an Extended Coverage area excluding calls made through Call Forwarding, Video calling or similar services. Compatible device required. Includes unlimited text/picture/video messages sent from Canada to a Canadian mobile number and received texts from anywhere. Sent/received premium texts (alerts, messages related to content and promotions), sent international texts and sent/received picture/video messages (as applicable) while roaming are not included and charged at applicable rates. Show details 5G Home Internet starting at $60/month! Plug and Play. Get 5G Home Internet starting at $60/month, including your choice of device. Try it risk-free for 30 days!* Buy now Rogers 5G Home Internet service available within Rogers’ 5G coverage area and will be delivered over the 4G LTE network where there is no 5G coverage (see rogers.com/coverage to check availability). Not available within Extended Coverage areas. Service may be intended for use at fixed service address only depending on select 5G Home Internet device. * You can cancel your 5G Home Internet service anytime and return the Home Internet device without any further commitment. If you cancel the service, you must return the device within 30 days, or be subject to a $200 charge. If you cancel the service within the first 30 days, Rogers will refund the monthly service fee and there will be no further commitment. Show details Switch to Canada’s largest and most reliable 5G network1 starting at $45/month Don’t settle for less. Get a 5G mobile plan starting at $45/month after Automatic Payments Discount2 when you bring your own device and when paired with a Home service3. View plans Largest based on total square kilometers of Rogers 5G coverage compared to published coverage of other national networks. Rogers was ranked first in the umlaut Mobile Data Performance audit in 2023-2024. Visit https://www.umlaut.com/en/benchmarking/canada A $10/month discount is available on eligible in-market consumer Rogers Infinite plans and 5G mobile plans to customers who set up Automatic Payments on their account (not retroactive). You must keep Automatic Payments active with an eligible plan to maintain this discount. Discount will end if you move to an ineligible plan or cancel Automatic Payments. If you remove Automatic Payments and re-add it to your account you will get the same discount tied to the wireless plan you subscribed to 5G Infinite Essential plan includes a $15/month discount as long as you keep your Home service Show details Get an Apple Watch Series 10 42mm for $19.99/month Add a spring to your step with an Apple Watch series 10 for $29.99 $19.99/mo after bill credit for 24 months with financing1 on select plans. Plus, get a watch plan for $0/month after bill credit for 24 months when you bring your own phone or finance one on a 5G Infinite Extra plan2 or above! Get it online Find a store Terms and Conditions Offer available for a limited time only, or while supplies last, and subject to change without notice. A Setup Service Fee of $75 per line applies to setup your device and related services. The Setup Service Fee is waived through self-serve on rogers.com (but not through and Customer Service). If you require device setup in-store thereafter, a $75 Setup Service Fee will apply. Taxes extra.  Add the watch to an eligible Rogers Infinite plan, and a monthly credit for the watch plan will be applied on your bill and will be applicable for 24 months. Full watch plan apply thereafter (subject to applicable rate increases). This offer is available to customers activating a new line, completing a price plan change or performing a hardware upgrade on non-discounted, consumer, in-market, Infinite Extra plan or above. $240 discount over 24 months ($10/mo. for 24 months) applies on Apple Watch series 10 42mm and 46mm when financed over 24 months Show details Get a Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra for $10/mo Enjoy a fresh deal and more ways to stay connected this spring with a Samsung Galaxy Watch Ultra for $20 $10/mo after bill credit for 24 months, when paired with any new Samsung Galaxy S25 series both with financing.1 Plus, get a watch plan for $0/month after bill credit for 24 months when you finance any new Samsung Galaxy S25 series on a 5G Infinite Extra plan2 or above! Only available in store. Find a store Terms and Conditions Offer available for a limited time only, or while supplies last, and subject to change without notice. A Setup Service Fee of $75 per line applies to setup your device and related services. The Setup Service Fee is waived through self-serve on rogers.com (but not through and Customer Service). If you require device setup in-store thereafter, a $75 Setup Service Fee will apply. Taxes extra.  Purchase a Samsung S25 series device with financing and add the watch to an eligible Rogers Infinite plan, and a monthly credit of $15/month for the watch plan will be applied on your bill and will be applicable for 24 months. Full watch plan apply thereafter (subject to applicable rate increases). This offer is available to customers activating a new line, completing a price plan change or performing a hardware upgrade on non-discounted, consumer, in-market, Infinite Extra plan or above. Offer available on purchase with any Galaxy S25 series devices, on financing. Watch is available for $0/mo for 24 months when financed. Show details Now get iPhone 16 with 50% lower monthly payments A sweet pairing. Finance iPhone 16 128GB over 48 months at 0% with a Equal Payment Plan using the Rogers Red Mastercard and enjoy lower monthly payments by up to 50%. No interest, no mobile term contract needed.* Learn more Find a store Terms and conditions * Offer available to primary cardholders only on purchases of $250 or more made in a participating Rogers, Fido or Shaw-branded store using your Rogers Bank credit card. Terms of 36 or 48 months available. Offer must be accepted by the primary cardholder by submitting the request form with a Rogers representative at the time of purchase. Request cannot be made through your online Rogers Bank account or in any other manner. In order to qualify, at the time you submit your request: your account must be in good standing, you must have less than 6 Equal Payment Plans on your account and the outstanding balance on your account must be equal to or greater than the amount of the purchase. It may take up to 10 calendar days after submitting the request form for your purchase to be converted to an Equal Payment Plan. During the term of the Equal Payment Plan, interest will be calculated on the outstanding Equal Payment Plan balance at an annual interest rate of 0%. There is no interest payable from the date of the purchase up to the date the eligible purchase is converted to an Equal Payment Plan.  Show details Device protection open enrollment is back! Now available online! Simply sign-in, select "Manage" for the intended line, then select "Browse add-ons" and select device protection. Don’t wait, sign-up today! Learn more Sign-in Other Ways To Buy 1 800 898-2355 Show details Meet the Rogers Red Mastercard® Apply for the Rogers Red Mastercard® today and enjoy these amazing benefits: 3% cash back value1 when you redeem with Rogers. Exclusively for Rogers customers2 5 Roam Like Home days at no cost every year with an eligible Rogers mobile plan3 No annual fee Learn more Terms and conditions You will earn 2% cash back rewards on eligible purchases made in US dollars and 1% cash back rewards on all other eligible purchases. If you are an eligible Rogers, Shaw or Fido customer with an eligible service and your accounts are in good standing, you will earn 2% cash back rewards on all eligible purchases. Eligible services include postpaid Rogers or Fido-branded consumer mobile plans (including wireless home phone and tablet data plans) or any Rogers, Shaw or Fido-branded internet, TV, home phone, home monitoring or satellite plan.Business/corporate plans are excluded. You must be the primary account holder for the eligible service. Eligibility for postpaid Rogers consumer mobile plans includes user who has permission to make changes on the account (i.e. a Level 1 Authorized User). Cash back rewards are earned on eligible purchases or deducted for returns on a per-transaction basis based on the posting date of the transaction. Cash advances, balance transfers, cash-like transactions, interest, fees, insurance premiums and payments are not eligible purchases and do not qualify. Minimum redemption amount is $10 CAD. Cash back rewards can be redeemed online through the Rogers Bank app towards purchases or requested in the form of a statement credit annually. Account must be open and in good standing to earn and redeem cash back rewards. Foreign currency transactions are converted to Canadian dollars at the rate established by Mastercard International in effect on or after the date of the transaction and no later than the date the transaction is posted to the account plus an amount equal to 2.5% of the transaction amount after it has been converted to Canadian dollars. Your cash back rewards can be redeemed for 150% of their regular redemption value when you apply them against eligible Rogers Communications Canada Inc. (“Rogers”) purchases, including new phones, bill payments and accessories. Fido and Shaw purchases are included. Exclusions apply. Redemptions must be made in the Rogers Bank app, where eligible Rogers purchases are identified. Minimum redemption amount is $10 CAD. Roam Like Home is provided by Rogers Communication Canada Inc. (“Rogers”) and available to most Rogers customers with an eligible postpaid mobile plan (most enterprise plans, monthly plans that include roaming services as well as prepaid accounts are excluded). You will automatically be credited up to 5 Roam Like Home days per year on your Rogers bill once you link your Rogers Mastercard account to your Rogers postpaid account and eligible mobile plan. Both accounts must be in good standing. Unused Roam Like Home days at no cost do not carry over to the following year. See rogers.com/terms for full Roam Like Home terms and conditions. Show details Get the Samsung Galaxy Tab A9+ for $0/mo when paired with a Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra Limited-time offer Get a Galaxy Tab A9+ on Canada's largest and most reliable 5G network* for $0/mo after bill credits for 24 months with financing1, when paired with the new Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra3. Plus, get a tablet plan for $0/month for 24 months when you finance your Ultra on a 5G Infinite Extra plan2 or above! Only available in store. Offer ends April 3rd Find a store Terms and conditions Offer available for a limited time only, or while supplies last, with purchase of the Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra 256GB and Galaxy Tab A9+ with financing on select plans from February 7 2025 to April 3 2025. Subject to change without notice. A Setup Service Fee of $75 per line applies to setup your device and related services. The Setup Service Fee is waived through self-serve on rogers.com (but not through Customer Service). If you require device setup in-store thereafter, a $75 Setup Service Fee will apply. Taxes extra. A $25 shipping fee applies with standard delivery. *Largest based on total square kilometers of Rogers 5G coverage compared to published coverage of other national networks. Rogers was ranked first in the umlaut Mobile Data Performance audit in 2023-2024. Visit https://www.umlaut.com/en/benchmarking/canada Pre-order does not guarantee a device or place in line prior to public availability. A refundable fee of $40 + tax will be applied for each reservation (this fee will be reversed upon shipment of the device to the store or a cancellation completed prior to the device being shipped). Your account must be in good standing. Financing: 0% APR on approved credit with a financing agreement (FA) and a Rogers Infinite plan or 5G mobile plan. A down payment may be required based on our evaluation of your credit. FA based on full price plus applicable (excluding promo credits, if applicable, which are applied monthly on your bill for as long as your FA is in place); if your FA is terminated and or if your wireless plan is cancelled your outstanding financing balance becomes due. The promo credit (if applicable) will end in both cases. Purchase a tablet on financing and add the tablet to an eligible Rogers Infinite plan, and a monthly credit for the tablet or watch plan will be applied on your bill and will be applicable for 24 months. Full tablet plan apply thereafter (subject to applicable rate increases). This offer is available to customers activating a new line, completing a Price Plan Change or performing a hardware upgrade on non-discounted, consumer, in-market, Infinite Extra plan or above. Offer available on purchase of Galaxy A9+ tab with any Galaxy S25 series devices, on financing. Tablet is available for $0/mo for 24 months when financed. Show details Want to get the latest news about our offers? Sign up to learn more about our limited-time deals from Rogers! Sign up